updated readme to include information about ignoring files (#68)
sheerun/prettier-standard: README.md

}
```

### Ignoring Files

> You can ignore files by creating a `.eslintignore` in your directory, and using standard glob patterns. `prettier-standard` will not run on these files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As [Standard uses ESLint](https://standardjs.com/#how-do-i-hide-a-certain-warning) under the hood, you can ignore files by following the steps outlined in the [ESLint documentation](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring#ignoring-files-and-directories). `prettier-standard` will not run on these files.
```

I just tried the `eslintIgnore` in `package.json` technique and this worked too, so maybe it's worth just redirecting to the [ESLint documentation](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring#ignoring-files-and-directories) instead?

Thanks for taking the time to do this @rossvz!

Author: Yeah, I like redirecting to eslint instead 👍

#### .eslintignore
```
myScript.js
myFolder/**/*
...etc

> ```

Reviewer: Maybe skip this if we follow the above?

Author: Personally, I think having the example right there is helpful - I think the ESlint doc throws a lot at you when you first hit the page. I added another example to show the package.json method as well, but we can remove both examples if you think it's extraneous
